What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	A .git folder is created with metadata of my repository. I need
	to create a repository in order to add version control
	to the data in my folder.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

	The staging area is a mid-point between the working directory
	and the repository, where we can have files that will be edited
	but not yet ready fro a commit. Once we're happy with the way
	the file looks then we are ready to commit to the repository!

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

	By adding files to the staging area, I can check the differences between
	these files and the most curretn commit and make sure that what my new commit
	reflects the one logical change I want per commit/

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

	Branches are helpful when we want to experiment with new fatures, or changes
	that might affect the health of our project. we can work on these new branches
	independently and know that we have a history record of a 
	healthy working branch.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	By using diagrams, I can visualize what commits are reachable 
	from my current branch, and what comits are detached from any branches.
	I can also see the changes on each branch and how they will
	eventually merge

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

	By merging branches, we get the combined result of the work done in
	each branch. The diagram is useful in explaining who the parent 
	of each commit was, and to keep history of how each 
	commit came to be.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?

	Manual merges ensure that we can resolve conflicts, particularly when there
	are several users working on the same file. On the other hand, manual
	merging might make things slow.
